{"en":"These days,  people who do manual work often receive far more money than people who work in offices. ^ ","ch":"如今， 从事体力劳动的人的收入一般要比坐办公室的人高出许多。  "}
{"en":"People who work in offices are frequently referred to as 'white-collar workers' for the simple reason that they usually wear a collar and tie to go to work. ^ ","ch":"坐办公室的之所以常常被称作“白领工人”， 就是因为他们通常是穿着硬领白衬衫， 系着领带去上班。  "}
{"en":"Such is human nature,  that a great many people are often willing to sacrifice higher pay for the privilege of becoming white-collar workers. ^ ","ch":"许多人常常情愿放弃较高的薪水以换取做白领工人的殊荣， 此乃人之常情。  "}
{"en":"This can give rise to curious situations,  as it did in the case of Alfred Bloggs who worked as a dustman for the Ellesmere Corporation. ^ ","ch":"而这常常会引起种种奇怪的现象， 在埃尔斯米尔公司当清洁工的艾尔弗雷德. 布洛斯就是一个例子。  "}
{"en":"When he got married,  Alf was too embarrassed to say anything to his wife about his job. ^ ","ch":"艾尔弗结婚时， 感到非常难为情， 而没有将自己的职业告诉妻子。  "}
{"en":"He simply told her that he worked for the Corporation. ^ ","ch":"他只说在埃尔斯米尔公司上班。  "}
{"en":"Every morning,  he left home dressed in a smart black suit. ^ ","ch":"每天早晨， 他穿上一身漂亮的黑色西装离家上班，  "}
{"en":"He then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a dustman. ^ ","ch":"然后换上工作服， 当8个小时清洁工。  "}
{"en":"Before returning home at night,  He took a shower and changed back into his suit. ^ ","ch":"晚上回家前， 他洗个淋浴， 重新换上那身黑色西服。  "}
{"en":"Alf did this for over two years and his fellow dustmen kept his secret . ^ ","ch":"两年多以来， 艾尔弗一直这样， 他的同事也为他保守秘密。  "}
{"en":"Alf's wife has never discovered that she married a dustman and she never will, ^ ","ch":"艾尔弗的妻子一直不知道她嫁给了一个清洁工， 而且她永远也不会知道了，  "}
{"en":"He will be earning only half as much as he used to,  but he feels that his rise in status is well worth the loss of money. ^ ","ch":"他将来挣的钱只有他现在的一半。 不过他觉得， 地位升高了， 损失点儿钱也值得。  "}
{"en":"From now on,  he will wear a suit all day and others will call him 'Mr.  Bloggs',  not 'Alf'. ^ ","ch":"从此， 艾尔弗可以一天到晚穿西服了。 别人将称呼他为“布洛格斯先生”， 而不再叫他“艾尔弗”了。  "}